```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 2

   load
   parameters
   helper
   callbacks
   representations
```

# Parameters

Parameters for `MolstarViewer` include `id`, `data`, `focus`, `layout`, `selection` and `style`. Among these parameters, `data`, `focus` and `selection` can be controled by dash callbacks.

- **id** – The id for the html container of molstar, and should be unique in `app.layout`.

- **data** – The molecule to be loaded into molstar viewer. It is a `dict` or list of dicts, each containing a molecule to be loaded. With helper function `parse_molecule()`, one can easily generate correct data for this parameter. `data` can include additional components to be shown in the viewer. The component data should be generated by the helper function `create_component()`.

- **focus** – The component that the camera is currently focused on. It can also analyze the non-covalent interactions within 5 angstroms of the target. This can be controlled by the helper function `get_focus()`, which takes a target selection and an optional boolean `analyse` parameter. If `analyse` is set to `True`, the function will analyze the non-covalent interactions within 5 angstroms of the target. If not specified, the default value of `analyse` is `False`.

- **layout** – The initial appearance of molstar viewer. It has some default settings. If you wish to specify some of the options, indicate them with a `dict`. The avaliable options are:

- **selection** – The partition being selected in the viewer. The data for selection can be generated by the helper function `get_selection()`. It has two modes: `select` and `hover`. In `select` mode, the target will be actually selected. In `hover` mode, the target will only be highlighted. If `None` was passed to the `targets` parameter of `get_selection()`, the selection on corresponding mode will be deselected.

- **style** – The html style that will be add to the container for molstar viewer. `width` and `height` can be specified here.