```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 2

   load
   helper
   shapes
   properties
   callbacks
   targets
   representations
   camera
```

# Property

Properties for `MolstarViewer` include `id`, `data`, `focus`, `layout`, `selection`, `hover`, `frame`, `style`, `measurement`, `updatefocusonframechange`, `updateselectiononframechange`, `camera`, `cameradebounce`, `cameraresponddrag`, and `screenshot`. Once the viewer has been add to the web page, it is not supported to change the layout via callbacks.

- **id** – The id for the html container of molstar, and should be unique in `app.layout`.

- **data** – The molecule to be loaded into molstar viewer. It is a `dict` or list of dicts, each containing a molecule to be loaded. With helper function `parse_molecule()`, one can easily generate correct data for this property. `data` can include additional components to be shown in the viewer. The component data should be generated by the helper function `create_component()`.

- **focus** – The component that the camera is currently focused on. It can also analyze the non-covalent interactions within 5 angstroms of the target. This can be controlled by the helper function `get_focus()`, which takes a target selection and an optional boolean `analyse` parameter. If `analyse` is set to `True`, the function will analyze the non-covalent interactions within 5 angstroms of the target. If not specified, the default value of `analyse` is `False`.

- **layout** – The initial appearance of molstar viewer. It has some default settings. If you wish to specify some of the options, indicate them with a `dict`. The avaliable options are listed in [General Options](load.md#general-options).

- **selection** – The partition being selected in the viewer. The data for selection can be generated by the helper function `get_selection()`. If `None` was passed to the `targets` parameter of `get_selection()`, the selection on corresponding mode will be deselected.

- **hover** – Targets passed to this property will be highlighted. Data for this property should also be generated by helper function `get_selection()`. If `None` was passed to the `targets` parameter of `get_selection()`, the highlights will be removed.

- **frame** – If a structure with multiple frames was loaded to the viewer, e.g. a molecular dynamics trajectory, this property can control the displayed frame.

- **measurement** – Add measurement to selected targets in the molstar viewer.

- **style** – The html style that will be add to the container for molstar viewer. `width` and `height` can be specified here.

- **updatefocusonframechange** – Controls whether focus should be updated when switching trajectory frames. Normally, the focus data will only be updated when the actual focus has been changed. But the user might want to obtain the new coordiantes of atoms when switching between frames. If set to `True`, the focus data will be updated with new atom coordinates.

- **updateselectiononframechange** – Controls whether selection should be updated when switching trajectory frames. Normally, the selection data will only be updated when the actual selection has been changed. But the user might want to obtain the new coordiantes of atoms when switching between frames. If set to `True`, the selection data will be updated with new atom coordinates.

- **camera** – The camera state of the molstar viewer. Reading this property returns a snapshot of the current camera (position, target, orientation), which is updated as the user navigates the scene. Writing to it moves the camera to a new state. The data for this property can be generated by the helper function `set_camera()`, which optionally takes a `Camera` instance and a transition `duration`. A list of camera operations can also be provided to perform them sequentially. See the [](camera.md) section for details.

- **cameradebounce** – Debounce time in milliseconds for camera change events. When the camera moves, updates to the `camera` property are delayed until movement has settled for this amount of time, which avoids flooding callbacks with intermediate states. Set to `0` to disable debouncing. (default: `100`)

- **cameraresponddrag** – Controls whether the `camera` property is updated while the user is actively dragging with the mouse or scrolling. If set to `False`, camera parameter updates are suppressed during the drag and only emitted when focus changes. (default: `True`)

- **screenshot** – Triggers a screenshot of the current view and downloads it as an image file. The data for this property should be generated by the helper function `get_screenshot()`, which takes a `filename`, a `Screenshot` configuration (resolution, transparency, axes, cropping, etc.), and an optional `crop` region. See the [Screenshot](#Screenshot.md) section for details.

:::{seealso}
See how to control these properties with callbacks, refer to the [](callbacks.md) section.
:::